Dawn Abriel: Let's see, I think.
Dawn Abriel: Is there a possibility that you can turn a light on so that I can see you.
Dawn Abriel: That's much better. Thank you. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm assuming you're not real familiar with zoom yet this is you haven't used it before.
John Guzman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay. So when you log in and you put in the ID number, you will see the little place where it says G eight x, then Q
Dawn Abriel: Mm hmm. That's where you type in your name.
John Guzman: Oh ok ok ok
Dawn Abriel: And and that way you get credit for participating in a meeting. If we don't see your name there.
Dawn Abriel: Then I mean I can, I can change it for the meeting, but I can't change it.
Dawn Abriel: For the long term. You have to do it on your end, but I'm going to go ahead and right now. Rename you so that the transcriber
Dawn Abriel: knows who you are.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: So do you see your name now in the bottom left hand corner.
John Guzman: That's not my name.
John Guzman: My name is Johnny Guzman
Dawn Abriel: That's what I typed in, what, what do you see
John Guzman: This is Dawn April.
Dawn Abriel: That's me. So when I'm talking. Then if you swipe to the left on your screen. Do you see
Dawn Abriel: Yourself and me.
Dawn Abriel: Know,
John Guzman: Oh yeah, yeah, there we go.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good, good. Yeah, yeah, there's, there's no need for you to have my name also
Dawn Abriel: So let's get started with the physical. It takes about an hour and a history and physical
Dawn Abriel: So let me put you on gallery view. So you are right up here. And so I kind of need for you to be awake for this.
Dawn Abriel: I was looking over your assessments and the one thing that really stuck out was a high score on depression.
Dawn Abriel: Is that you're feeling that you're
Dawn Abriel: pretty significantly depressed.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: What, how would you rate your depression.
John Guzman: Version.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm wondering if you read the answers in a way that you maybe didn't understand what they meant
Dawn Abriel: So it is
Dawn Abriel: So it says
Dawn Abriel: Little interest or pleasure in doing things nearly every day is what you put
Dawn Abriel: Feeling down depressed or hopeless, more than half the days.
Dawn Abriel: Feeling tired or having little energy, more than half the days. I mean, all of these are
John Guzman: I kind of met that's like now that I'm getting I'm getting high. You know,
John Guzman: That's what my, that's what leads to my days because I'm getting high.
John Guzman: So I thought you were asking them thing.
Dawn Abriel: Haha know
John Guzman: About heroin done in my life, pretty much.
Dawn Abriel: Knew right i. No, no, no. Yeah, I will tell them that this, this was misleading.
John Guzman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. He thought the questions the p h huge nine
Dawn Abriel: were asking about
Dawn Abriel: His
Dawn Abriel: His use of heroin. Let's put it that way. All right. And when was the last time you used
John Guzman: Last night.
Dawn Abriel: But what time
John Guzman: Is
Dawn Abriel: Well that's good because you want to have at least 12 hours between using and starting the Suboxone you've been on Suboxone before, right.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And it was IV heroin.
Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And how long have you been an ID user
John Guzman: Six years
Dawn Abriel: Six years
Dawn Abriel: Any complications from doing it. Any overdoses.
John Guzman: Roma.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's good.
Dawn Abriel: I don't usually hear that from people around here just because it's all so contaminated with fentanyl and carpet know any medical problems with
Dawn Abriel: Heart disease.
Dawn Abriel: Or abscesses.
Mill mill.
Dawn Abriel: And any medical, legal issues.
John Guzman: No. Oh yes, I gotta
John Guzman: Know i know i don't
Dawn Abriel: Know arrest around drugs.
John Guzman: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So would you say that a lot of your time goes into thinking about the drug using the drug finding the drug.
John Guzman: Oh yeah, sure.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you first first started using any kind of illicit drug even marijuana
You
John Guzman: Know,
John Guzman: 1314 okay
Dawn Abriel: And. And what was that
John Guzman: marijuana smoking weed.
Dawn Abriel: And
John Guzman: I was like 16
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And they age. You started using opioids.
John Guzman: Oh shoot, 2013, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: You were 13 at that age.
Dawn Abriel: Row 2013. Oh, I see.
Dawn Abriel: Ah,
John Guzman: It was
John Guzman: 32 yeah
Dawn Abriel: Has your drug use resulted in loss of relationships and work problems.
John Guzman: Well, yeah, for sure.
Dawn Abriel: And what number program is this for you.
John Guzman: A couple of years.
John Guzman: To
Dawn Abriel: So this is your third program you've had to others.
Dawn Abriel: And what what worked, what did you find useful than the other programs.
John Guzman: They haven't yet.
Dawn Abriel: What do you think will be different this time.
John Guzman: Oh no, I try harder.
What
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Our sleep and anxiety issues for you.
Dawn Abriel: Know, neither one
Dawn Abriel: So what would you say your stress level is right now.
Dawn Abriel: Hey, JOHN I don't think this is going to work. We might have to reschedule.
John Guzman: Three. A three
John Guzman: But guess what the 10 right
Now, the three
Dawn Abriel: And what kind of stresses it
John Guzman: I don't know, just
John Guzman: Life my life and I stood up and stuff. So this is life stress, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you think your self esteem. How would you rate that
John Guzman: My self esteem.
John Guzman: I don't know from one to 10 I guess you see
Yeah.
John Guzman: All right now.
Is
John Guzman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you'll have the full psychiatric evaluation by a therapist. I'm not going to go into a whole lot more. Have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness.
Moment.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's go over your past medical history and
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type is
No, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm going to read a long list of problems you stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma any I ear, nose or throat diseases, any respiratory with asthma chronic pneumonia, bronchitis any muscle joint or bone diseases.
Dawn Abriel: Thyroid diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or ever tested positive for tuberculosis any skin problems with new moles are new rashes epilepsy seizure severe headaches stroke.
Dawn Abriel: got problems with cirrhosis of the liver, gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis, you don't have hep C.
John Guzman: I did, but I got fixed
John Guzman: With those pills.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but you've used IV.
Dawn Abriel: You
John Guzman: Yes, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So it's very possible that you have another strain of the hep C if you shared yeah if you shared any of your works, the spoon the cotton needles anything
Oh really,
Dawn Abriel: Oh yeah, that's how it works. So we have a visiting doctor he wants to see what an intake is like so he's he's just going to observe john yeah you you can. There are a number of strains of hep C so
Dawn Abriel: Did they tell you when you were getting the cure. Just to make sure if you went back to ID drugs. Okay, well, you're going to go to the lab and get drugs and get labs and we're going to test you again and we'll see if your antibodies are up for them for the hep C. Okay. All right. And
Dawn Abriel: So I'm reading through a list of medical problems and
Dawn Abriel: I'll continue your
Dawn Abriel: You weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots. You don't have dentures.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. And when were you diagnosed with high blood pressure.
John Guzman: Years ago.
Dawn Abriel: And are you taking medicine for it.
John Guzman: Supposed to go. Gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your last pressure was
John Guzman: I don't know.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And any hernias, you don't have any problems with your bladder your kidneys, your penis. They all work the way they're supposed to do.
John Guzman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No bipolar and you're denying depression know suicidal thoughts or suicidal attempts
Dawn Abriel: John has data. No.
John Guzman: No, no, it's
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I said, No, I'm wondering, I'm wondering if you'd have an easier time staying awake. If you
John Guzman: Know I just said no then I looked over there. I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Oh ok it because that that your hand drifts down and the camera goes away from your face. So I'm just
John Guzman: I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Have you had any surgeries.
Dawn Abriel: Surgeries
John Guzman: Yes, that's the next to me.
John Guzman: Uh huh.
Dawn Abriel: What was that for
John Guzman: A ruptured spleen.
Dawn Abriel: Well yeah i know that i did your spleen red shirt.
John Guzman: Well, I got an accident that keep my horse.
Dawn Abriel: Ah yeah, that'll do it.
Dawn Abriel: How old are you,
John Guzman: A 16 okay
Dawn Abriel: And no complications from it. You don't have noticed that you get frequent infections have problems with
John Guzman: The kids cold religion. So, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So you have your tonsils in your appendix in your gallbladder.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and the only surgery is the splenectomy. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Well, if you're going to get kicked in have to have something route move that's a
Dawn Abriel: That's a good one.
Dawn Abriel: Now I'm going to ask you about your family.
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: No addiction problems with her.
John Guzman: Yes, she's paying bills.
Dawn Abriel: And did you grow up with that.
John Guzman: No, she started later on.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And is your father alive and a good hell.
John Guzman: No, he's dead.
Dawn Abriel: And how old was he when he died.
Dawn Abriel: And from what did he die, you got
John Guzman: Killed by a horse.
Dawn Abriel: Boy horses in your family, don't go well together. Do they
Know,
Dawn Abriel: All right. And do you have brothers and sisters do
Dawn Abriel: You have a sister.
John Guzman: younger sister. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: younger sister. Is she alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Any addiction issues. No.
Dawn Abriel: And you have an older brother.
Dawn Abriel: Is he alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, any addiction.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: What
John Guzman: I'm thinking he had problems with heroin and and the
John Guzman: Speed also. Mm hmm. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I don't know if it's all right but it is what it is.
John Guzman: Useful. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I've got something funny going on with my computer. I've got to
Dawn Abriel: Make my
Dawn Abriel: Window bigger so I can get to the bottom and say save
Dawn Abriel: Weird
Dawn Abriel: It's still on, do it.
Oh, I see.
Dawn Abriel: Now I can say, see. Great. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about the role tobacco has in your life.
John Guzman: Just chewing tobacco.
Dawn Abriel: And. Has that always been the case.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And alcohol.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Never even occasionally
John Guzman: Not really. I don't like it.
Dawn Abriel: Were you ever a big drinker.
No.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you eat more than three or four fast foods, a week.
Oh, yeah.
John Guzman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: He says, do you get regular exercise.
John Guzman: Not really know
Dawn Abriel: And do you take an aspirin every day.
John Guzman: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
John Guzman: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You keep any guns in your home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Wear your seat belts.
John Guzman: No.
John Guzman: Yes, I do.
Dawn Abriel: What did you think I said
John Guzman: No, no, sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active right now.
John Guzman: Right now, no.
Dawn Abriel: And you
Dawn Abriel: Were born male and you identify as male
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever used benzodiazepines recreationally Zandi bars Ambien Xanax
Dawn Abriel: Now Valium know
Dawn Abriel: You were born and raised where
John Guzman: Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me
Dawn Abriel: About any use of methamphetamine.
John Guzman: Yes, occasionally
Dawn Abriel: Hello. How old were you when you started
Oh, shoot.
John Guzman: Like 36 for so much right
John Guzman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And your last use
John Guzman: Four days ago.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Cocaine.
Dawn Abriel: Yes juicing last use
John Guzman: 21 and then 2006 was 26, I guess.
John Guzman: Okay 2126 when I quit.
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. And the marijuana. You said you started at 13 and when was your last use
John Guzman: Shoot and smoke a little bit 2005 I guess all you know what, no. Yeah, she doesn't five
Dawn Abriel: And create them.
John Guzman: Yeah, good. Yeah, I tried to my mom gets that I tried a little bit
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Do you have children.
John Guzman: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: What are their ages.
John Guzman: 16 and six, seven.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. How far did you go in school.
John Guzman: I graduated high school
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about your employment, what kinds of jobs do you do
John Guzman: Self Employed
John Guzman: By and still horses.
Dawn Abriel: And you have your own home, you don't, you're not homeless right now.
Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, you are homeless.
John Guzman: No, no, no, no.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fun, besides heroin.
John Guzman: Lately, nothing. I like, I like to go do stuff. But, I mean, I haven't been no
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but when you aren't
Dawn Abriel: Really
Dawn Abriel: Taken up with the heroin. What do you like to do for fun.
John Guzman: To spend time with my family. I just go, Hello go camping or something nice. Okay. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And you have no legal issues right now pending for anything.
John Guzman: You know, they're gay. Yeah, I got in a fight with their neighbor. So I do have something going on now.
John Guzman: Going on the 20th. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you're in the process of a force or just separation.
John Guzman: Will separate if we're going to get divorce.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm looking at my little list here, I get one or the other. I'm going to put divorced and then in the bubble. The transcriptionist can say in the process of and with whom do you live right now.
John Guzman: Have a myself. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Military service.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And do you want a religion included in your profile. Sure.
Christian
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I've got a lot of other things I can ask you about here, but I am not going to, I'm going to say save and we will go into the review of systems. So this is a long list of
Dawn Abriel: Symptoms things that you could have
Dawn Abriel: stopped me if any of them refer to you, but don't include any withdrawal symptoms. Okay, do you are you having any withdrawal symptoms right now. No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I read them off kind of fast. So just stopped me and we can go back. If you think you've missed one. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance fatigue night a weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot
Dawn Abriel: Red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss. Your drainage ringing in your ears bloody nose or chronic congestion. So lips or mouse or tongue neck lumps stiffness or neck pain.
Dawn Abriel: Difficulty breathing cost for shortness of breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe while you're lying down edema in your ankles varicose veins diarrhea. Do you have constipation from the opioids.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody urine painful urination, you're in urinating a lot, our pain to little changing hair nail or skin texture new moles, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limb.
Dawn Abriel: Vertigo lightheadedness, pain, numbness, tingling tremor lack of coordination weakness difficulty speaking sleep disturbance suicidal thoughts hopelessness delusions hearing or things that other people don't hear or see and easy bruising.
John Guzman: No.
Dawn Abriel: None of those Okey doke. Are you taking any prescription medicines.
John Guzman: Know,
If you
John Guzman: Will
Dawn Abriel: Yeah okay, I'll just list that as
Dawn Abriel: A supposed to be.
Dawn Abriel: In fact,
Dawn Abriel: I think john i'm going to share my screen. So the other doctor. Whoops. That's not what I want to do.
John Guzman: He's on their
Dawn Abriel: Doctor, I know, but I want to show him. I should have done this earlier.
Dawn Abriel: That way you can see what I'm writing and he can see what I'm writing
John Guzman: Oh,
Dawn Abriel: So I'm just going to
Dawn Abriel: Get out of here and start over.
Dawn Abriel: So this is the
Dawn Abriel: HP and now I've gone through all of this and I'm going to do medicines and
Dawn Abriel: Is it like a pro all by itself.
Dawn Abriel: Was it the 10 milligram tablet.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Right and
Dawn Abriel: Are you allergic to anything.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Super
Dawn Abriel: And this is a. These are questions to just rule out any early dementia. So I assume your baby dress feed, go to the bathroom by yourself.
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate for your age, you can focus your attention and you can read
Dawn Abriel: Those all true john yes okay now.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your pulse.
John Guzman: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll show you.
Dawn Abriel: You've got a muscle that goes from your jaw up here, down to the your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Right in front of it. If you take your right hand and you feel the left side of your neck right in front of that muscle. You can't push too hard or you'll block it off, but you should feel the thump, thump, thump. Got it.
Dawn Abriel: So do you see how I'm doing it. Here's the muscle right in front of the muscle.
Dawn Abriel: You're too far forward. I think what. No, you're too far back come there more in there.
John Guzman: Don't feel nothing
Dawn Abriel: So here's the bustle.
Dawn Abriel: Right here.
John Guzman: Yes. Yes, you do.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so in front of it and you kind of push like into it.
John Guzman: So good.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you when to start counting now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop.
John Guzman: Whatever seven
That's pretty normal.
John Guzman: Awesome.
Dawn Abriel: And how
Dawn Abriel: Tall, are you
John Guzman: Know, five, eight
Dawn Abriel: perfectly respectable height and what's your weight.
John Guzman: 200
Dawn Abriel: And we will see
Dawn Abriel: Save.
Dawn Abriel: Now we're going to do a very brief physical exam. The first thing I need you to do is I have to get out of sharing. To do this, otherwise you're not big enough on my screen I
Dawn Abriel: Want you to get real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see
Dawn Abriel: Reappear okay great told way back off, let go.
Dawn Abriel: Back off a little more
Dawn Abriel: More, more, more.
Dawn Abriel: Okay look all the way to the right, just with your eyes. Good, all the way to the left up
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: Watch me read out of either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Stick your tongue out at me and move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Lovely bite down and no job pain, your teeth fit normally super and back off just a tiny bit more and let me see you swallow.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me when you're just about to swallow. So I can
John Guzman: Swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: And blow it out.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and move the camera down and I want to see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left great no lumps bumps pain or problems in there.
John Guzman: No, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, can I see your splenectomy scar.
John Guzman: Sure.
Dawn Abriel: I mean, people ask for that.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Looking good.
Dawn Abriel: And how many cats.
Dawn Abriel: How many tattoos. Do you have
John Guzman: Just my left chest right there. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I want you to bring the camera down to your ankles. I want to see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
John Guzman: My right ankle school I keep my
John Guzman: Horse so
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Right. The quite the theme here with you.
Dawn Abriel: And and yeah, now I want to see you tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: Great. And I wanted to see you pull your against your fingers super no pain or discomfort when you do that.
John Guzman: On them then
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great. Okay, now john we need to talk about the program.
John Guzman: Okay, what
Dawn Abriel: What you're signing up for with Bray heart health is a commitment of two hours a week one hour of group therapy one hour of individual therapy.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Each week, every week. Those two hours. So I don't arrange the individual therapy, but you will do that with the therapist and we will know which therapist after we agree on. When your group is are you a morning person, a night person.
John Guzman: Gets kind of kind of night person, I guess.
John Guzman: Version.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: We have some night groups there. They're pretty full on
Dawn Abriel: If you're self employed, perhaps we can put you in like a noon.
Dawn Abriel: Group with that.
Dawn Abriel: Then on
Dawn Abriel: One. Why don't we put you in
Dawn Abriel: The I can put you in Friday at noon or Tuesday at noon.
John Guzman: Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: Tuesday at noon. Okay, that'll be me. I will be the doctor and the therapist is going to veer off brielle so I'm going to
Dawn Abriel: give her an email that says that you're a new patient because she's going to have to meet with you to do.
Dawn Abriel: A treatment plan and she'll ask you a bunch of psychological questions and then she will arrange the individual appointment to get to the group therapy.
Dawn Abriel: It's a lot like I mean it's all done on zoom like this and like this this amount of lighting where we can see your facial expressions, right, because we're limited. We're not in person. So we really have to be able to notice facial expressions.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and they're absolutely positively, no exceptions. Can there be anyone walking around behind you.
Dawn Abriel: Because if someone were to accidentally see someone they know on your screen. That would be a huge violation of privacy and you wouldn't want that to happen to you right someone sees you on the screen is as it is in treatment look there.
Dawn Abriel: So we if that should happen. We would just knock you out of zoom and you wouldn't be able to get back in. And that's a drag because you only get your medicine, when you show up for group you show up for group you get your medicine, if some if something happens, you know, life does happen.
Dawn Abriel: You have to contact the virtual clinic, the people that bright heart health and say, you know, my horse kicked me again to give us a little
Dawn Abriel: And then I could, you know, write for for your medicine. I would make an exception. But I got to hear from you before the group.
Dawn Abriel: It doesn't work to hear from you. After because this is a treatment center people drop out. So I don't write for medicine. If I don't know that a person is not going to make it to group.
Dawn Abriel: Before you come to group, you have to do a survey, similar to the one you did to get in to see me called the brief addiction monitor. We call it the BAM and
Dawn Abriel: I look at every single patients, bam, every single week because you can't tell us everything that's going on for you, but I there a certain things I want to be watching for
Dawn Abriel: Like if your sleep starts to get worse and worse. But you don't remember to tell me about it. I'll see it on the band and I might text you or right
Dawn Abriel: email you and say what maybe we need a one on one for sleep issues. So let's get together and we'll arrange appointment and we'll do a separate zoom like this for you to
Dawn Abriel: Get some help with whatever it is that showing up on your evaluation and where it says goals. We want your goals for treatment. You know, I'm thinking about tapering soon or I'm looking forward to
Dawn Abriel: You know, expressing myself more fully in group, whatever it is. But the goal comment is about your therapy and recovery.
Dawn Abriel: But you can do the BAM. An hour before a day before
Dawn Abriel: You just if you do it at the last minute. When you go into the virtual clinic to check in, because the virtual clinic is a lot like going into the doctor's
Dawn Abriel: Office and there's that front office. The front staff meeting that check your insurance and get your copay and that sort of thing.
Dawn Abriel: So the care coordinators in the virtual clinic will check you in and then they will give you the zoom room number for group because it changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: It's a different number every week. So you have to check in with the virtual clinic and they'll make sure you've done your urine drug screen that you've done your BAM and get your insurances up to date and then they'll give you that group room zoom number. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: The, you have to go get labs drawn and in Albuquerque there right heart health has a contract with quest so
Dawn Abriel: Quest
Dawn Abriel: Has protocols for safety right now and get an appointment.
Dawn Abriel: They, your name is on a national list. So you call and you say i'm john Goodman. I'm with bright heart health. My name should be on the list if dot tell them to well
Dawn Abriel: If you call bright heart health and say this is the quest. I'm going to they'll fax the order over there. But usually, by this time, your names already on that list. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to get it done before. The second group.
Dawn Abriel: Because I want. Right. It's like practicing medicine with one hand tied behind my back. I got to have those labs. I've got to see what your baseline. I'm giving you serious, medicine, and I want to have the labs to
Dawn Abriel: Regulate
Dawn Abriel: How I prescribed for you.
Dawn Abriel: And I prescribe using electronic prescriptions. We call him he he prescriptions.
John Guzman: So good. If you
Dawn Abriel: Call the pharmacy for some reason you want to be sure and tell them my doc submitted an E prescription
Dawn Abriel: If you don't they go looking through a pile of faxes, or you know pile of hand, you'll never get a piece of paper with the script on it because it's all done electronically.
Dawn Abriel: And I strongly, strongly recommend that what when you pick up your prescription that you sit there you fold your hands you hold on to yourself. You do not grab the bag. You say, Please count my my films in front of me.
Dawn Abriel: That counter. There's a mirror out Mina a camera, looking down, and I've just recently too many people have been reporting.
Dawn Abriel: The Wrong number of films or tablets and but once you touch that bag. It's yours. They will not take it back.
Dawn Abriel: That's why I do this silly drama of, you know, hold on. Don't touch it. Because once you touch it, they won't, it won't take responsibility and if you're short, there is just nothing I can do.
Dawn Abriel: Except I mean sometimes I can write for more but insurance won't pay for it. You got to pay cash. So it's really worth it. And what I recommend is that you call the
Dawn Abriel: Pharmacy and you say, I'm about to come in and get my E prescription and I will be asking for the films to be counted in front of me, because if you do that, then you know they're not going to short you
John Guzman: Right, okay.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Every month right heart health will send you a cute little manila envelope. When you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, they won't let you use it.
Dawn Abriel: You get it in the mail, you see that it's from Braveheart health and you go to the virtual clinic, just like you did the check in with me and you say, Hey, I got this in the mail. What do I do with it.
Dawn Abriel: You will open it in front of them on camera, and then you will take this out and then you'll open this in front of them.
Dawn Abriel: And then you'll take the urine cup and you'll toggle off to the bathroom. Do not bring your phone with you. We do not need to see you pee in a cup.
Dawn Abriel: Bring it back, and then you're going to hold it up to the camera and you're going to really slowly turn it and they'll read the results. And that's the whole rigmarole for a monthly
Dawn Abriel: urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: It, it is up to you to notice how I didn't get my urine drug screen because that means something went wonky right
Dawn Abriel: But you won't be allowed to get into group, you won't be allowed to keep your individual appointment until this is done every month so
Dawn Abriel: If you notice you've gone in a more than 30 days without a year and drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: Go to the virtual clinic and say, Can we check my address and make sure that it's got the right zip code or the right, my around whatever it is.
Dawn Abriel: It's weird, even people who've been getting it for a year of a sudden they're not getting their urine cups in and they wait around and wait around and then blame us. I mean, it's always our, our fault but
Dawn Abriel: It's really, it's your for your protection. So get get the urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: And if you do move make us the first people who know your new address. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You said, how often do you check your email.
John Guzman: It's, I mean you regularly. I can start checking it off to the guests.
Dawn Abriel: As long as its daily because that's how we mainly communicate is by email. So in the email that you gave us, for instance, right after we're done. I'm going to send you an email that has
Dawn Abriel: All the important numbers on it and it will have Tuesday at noon, and it'll have your therapist name and it'll have her texting phone number. So you want to save that email that you get from me. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm also by law. I have to send you a prescription for Narcan because
Dawn Abriel: Well, it's the law. I'm not ordering a narcotic. So I have to order Narcan and they're 11 refills I you know it's you guys who are around people who are overdosing so make sure that you have it around and I knew and
Dawn Abriel: We have had many people save lives.
Dawn Abriel: Big because they had our camera on them and it's real easy. It's that nasal spray thing. You take the top off you go. Squirt, squirt. That's the whole thing. So it's pretty easy.
Dawn Abriel: I think that's Oh, when you get off with me. I want you to go back to the virtual clinic and I want them to show you how to do the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: And I want you to do one more survey called the adverse childhood events. I want to know. It's only 10 questions. It's one time. It's not the one you repeat every time, but it gives us a
Dawn Abriel: Good idea of the early childhood traumas that you might have had. So you're going to go back right now. And they'll they would they give you is the computer address for
Dawn Abriel: Doing the BAM. So you can do it on your own. You don't have to be in virtual clinic to do it.
Dawn Abriel: But the virtual clinic is your go to place if you had any problems. These are called care coordinators, they will coordinate whatever kind of care you need
Dawn Abriel: You need to talk with the therapist if you need to talk with the doctor say, you know, this is really urgent, I really need this to happen soon they know how to get ahold of us. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So that's where you go.
Dawn Abriel: So when's your group.
John Guzman: Tuesday.
What time
John Guzman: At noon. Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Let's talk about your buprenorphine I give the generic because insurances otherwise make a big fuss and make it really difficult to
Dawn Abriel: Get the medicine. So it's just easier to start with the the generic. How much were you taking when you were on Suboxone before
John Guzman: I just, it was just, I just tried it for a few days.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
John Guzman: Yeah, so I really get very far on it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so about how much heroin. Are you doing a day.
John Guzman: It just depends, like a gram to three grams, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: Whoa, buddy. Okay. Well, that means I have no idea what I'm doing here and we're going to have to kind of take it.
Dawn Abriel: It takes about two or three days to get your blood level up on the long acting opioids, which is buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: So you're, you're still going to be on an opioid. This is a long acting opioid
Dawn Abriel: So let's start with
Dawn Abriel: One strip and let's check in.
Dawn Abriel: On Saturday.
Dawn Abriel: If you come here to this same well first you go to the virtual clinic and it can be real quick. You can just say, but really pay attention to how long the sub is lasting you
Dawn Abriel: If it's you know 21 hours. Well then that's wonderful. We can stay with the eight milligrams and you will eventually get used to it. And in the last
Dawn Abriel: Because the medicine was designed to last between 24 and 36 hours. There's some countries where they give this medicine every other day, or every third day so
Dawn Abriel: It's a it really stays in your system, a long time if you get enough of it. What we're looking for is for this long acting opioids to bind to you all the receptors, because at
Dawn Abriel: You know, three grams of heroin. You have a lot of extra receptors on yourselves. Okay, and they need to be all covered in order for you to not have withdrawal. That makes sense.
It's been
Dawn Abriel: And in a month, two months we'll see when it is
Dawn Abriel: But you'll be stable, you will have been stable on a steady dose and long acting opioids. You don't develop tolerance, you're not going to need more and more and more like you do with short acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: So you'll get stable on this and then you've been making appointments, you're really solid in the program.
Dawn Abriel: We can write for longer prescriptions. But for now, it's from group to individual therapy to group individual therapy. That's the only way we have a corralling people in and making them come to their appointments
Dawn Abriel: And then we will start tapering and the tapering that I do is very, very tiny amounts over a really long time to give you the confidence that you can do this.
Dawn Abriel: So I support you with other medicines, but you will start tapering
Dawn Abriel: Okey doke. Do you have any questions.
Dawn Abriel: Oops, you muted yourself. You must have gotten a call when you get a call in, it needs.
Dawn Abriel: Not yet. See the little microphone. The red microphone with the line through it. You have to touch that. And then this you can talk to me again.
No. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Maybe you have to have your finger near it for it to show up.
John Guzman: There we go. Yeah.
John Guzman: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So do you have questions.
John Guzman: I don't know.
John Guzman: Okay, there's enough your
Dawn Abriel: It was nice meeting you. And we will see you on Saturday at nine o'clock somewhere in there.
Dawn Abriel: as I can with the virtual clinic and they'll let me know that you're there.
Dawn Abriel: And it
Dawn Abriel: Will be really brief just pay attention to how long the buprenorphine is last so so you know that when you take the subs. It has to be under your tongue right
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it has to be there for at least two or three minutes, get a mouthful of slobber it gets absorbed from the network of vessels under your tongue. So it's very, very, very important that you don't have any tobacco product.
Dawn Abriel: 2030 minutes before you take your son.
Dawn Abriel: Because all tobacco products cause your blood vessels to cramp down right they go and then you don't get the absorption. So no tobacco products before taking your buprenorphine your film.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: We'll see you Saturday.
Okay.
John Guzman: Thank you, man. Appreciate it.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. You're so welcome.
John Guzman: Thank you.
John Guzman: Thank you sir Right
Dawn Abriel: So, hi.
Hi there.
Dawn Abriel: I'm glad you could make it.
Steve Holtsford: Thank you very much for that. That was great.
Dawn Abriel: You know, you're the first person. A lot of people have asked to
Dawn Abriel: Do an intake and it hasn't worked out so
Dawn Abriel: It feels very, you know, mundane to me but i just i can i there's a place in pulse where you can see how many intakes you've done. I've done over 4300 and now this is 63
Steve Holtsford: And my gosh I
Dawn Abriel: Could do this blindfolded.
Steve Holtsford: That's amazing.
Dawn Abriel: Anyway, do you have any questions.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, so I turn the recording off.
Dawn Abriel: So for the transcriptionist we will put as the
Dawn Abriel: Assessment opioid use disorder severe
Dawn Abriel: Nicotine dependent and
Dawn Abriel: He's a choosier not what's the other word for
Dawn Abriel: And he's got not a smoker. So it's nicotine dependence non smoker and
Dawn Abriel: The plan is
Dawn Abriel: No shooter, but the wrong thing in here.
Dawn Abriel: It's the usual intake plan patient
Dawn Abriel: Is okayed to start
Dawn Abriel: The program nasal narcan nasal spray available.
Dawn Abriel: And the
Dawn Abriel: Instructions will be on the email sent to the patient.
Dawn Abriel: Obtain labs, as soon as possible, maintain to zoom meetings a week individual and group therapy and therapy is Tuesday at 12 with
Dawn Abriel: Dr. Aubrey out and going to hear
Dawn Abriel: And he will start with you train your theme eight slash to milligram
Dawn Abriel: One daily and then we want a
Dawn Abriel: Check in
Dawn Abriel: Appointment for Saturday, that is
Dawn Abriel: Oh God, that's a different month already may
Dawn Abriel: 22
Dawn Abriel: To 2020 at 9am
Dawn Abriel: And please. Still, then all the bubbles. She didn't have a lot of it. So there aren't many bubbles to fill the end but
Dawn Abriel: Thank you. Okay, now I'll stop the recording.